#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.5.7
    # via flask-alembic
amqp==5.0.5
    # via kombu
arrow==1.0.3
    # via
    #   invenio-records
    #   marshmallow-utils
attrs==20.3.0
    # via jsonschema
autosemver==0.5.5
    # via isbnid-fork
babel-edtf==1.0.0
    # via marshmallow-utils
babel==2.9.0
    # via
    #   babel-edtf
    #   flask-babelex
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
base32-lib==1.0.2
    # via invenio-pidstore
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via celery
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   marshmallow-utils
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
    #   invenio-base
celery==5.0.5
    # via
    #   flask-celeryext
    #   invenio-celery
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via dulwich
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via invenio-files-rest
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via celery
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-default-group
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   dojson
    #   flask
    #   flask-shell-ipython
cryptography==3.4.6
    # via invenio-accounts
decorator==4.4.2
    # via ipython
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
dojson==1.4.0
    # via invenio-records-marc21
dulwich==0.19.16
    # via autosemver
edtf==4.0.1
    # via
    #   babel-edtf
    #   marshmallow-utils
email-validator==1.1.2
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-admin==1.5.7
    # via invenio-admin
flask-alembic==2.0.1
    # via invenio-db
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
flask-breadcrumbs==0.5.1
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-theme
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via invenio-cache
flask-celeryext==0.3.4
    # via
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-celery
    #   invenio-indexer
flask-collect==1.2.2
    # via invenio-assets
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via invenio-rest
flask-kvsession-invenio==0.6.3
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-limiter==1.1.0
    # via invenio-app
flask-login==0.4.1
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-files-rest
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
flask-menu==0.7.2
    # via
    #   flask-breadcrumbs
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-theme
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-admin
flask-resources==0.6.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
flask-security==3.0.0
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-shell-ipython==0.4.1
    # via invenio-app
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   flask-alembic
    #   invenio-db
flask-talisman==0.5.0
    # via invenio-app
flask-webpackext==1.0.2
    # via invenio-assets
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-files-rest
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-breadcrumbs
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-celeryext
    #   flask-collect
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-menu
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-resources
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-config
    #   invenio-indexer
fs==0.5.4
    # via invenio-files-rest
ftfy==5.9
    # via
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   marshmallow-utils
future==0.18.2
    # via invenio-accounts
geojson==2.5.0
    # via marshmallow-utils
idna==3.1
    # via email-validator
idutils==1.1.8
    # via marshmallow-utils
invenio-access==1.4.2
    # via
    #   invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
    #   invenio-records-permissions
invenio-accounts==1.4.3
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
    #   invenio-records-resources
invenio-admin==1.3.0
    # via invenio-access
invenio-app==1.3.1
    # via invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
invenio-assets==1.2.5
    # via invenio-theme
invenio-base==1.2.3
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-assets
    #   invenio-cache
    #   invenio-celery
    #   invenio-db
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-pidrelations
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-records
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-rest
    #   invenio-theme
invenio-cache==1.1.0
    # via invenio-app
invenio-celery==1.2.2
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
    #   invenio-records
invenio-config==1.0.3
    # via invenio-app
invenio-db==1.0.8
    # via
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
invenio-drafts-resources==0.9.8
    # via invenio-records-marc21
invenio-files-rest==1.2.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
invenio-i18n==1.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-pidrelations
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-records
    #   invenio-records-marc21
    #   invenio-records-permissions
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-theme
    #   invenio-vocabularies
invenio-indexer==1.2.1
    # via
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-jsonschemas==1.1.1
    # via invenio-records-resources
invenio-pidrelations==0.1.0
    # via invenio-drafts-resources
invenio-pidstore==1.2.2
    # via
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-pidrelations
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-records-marc21==0.1.1
    # via invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
invenio-records-permissions==0.11.0
    # via invenio-records-resources
invenio-records-resources==0.12.7
    # via
    #   invenio-drafts-resources
    #   invenio-vocabularies
invenio-records-rest==1.8.0
    # via invenio-records-marc21
invenio-records==1.5.0a3
    # via
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-records-permissions
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-rest[cors]==1.2.3
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-files-rest
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-theme==1.3.8
    # via invenio-accounts
invenio-vocabularies==0.3.3
    # via invenio-records-marc21
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.21.0
    # via flask-shell-ipython
isbnid-fork==0.5.2
    # via idutils
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
jsmin==2.2.2
    # via invenio-theme
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via invenio-records
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-records
jsonresolver==0.3.1
    # via invenio-records
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via invenio-records
kombu==5.0.2
    # via celery
limits==1.5.1
    # via flask-limiter
lxml==4.6.2
    # via
    #   dojson
    #   invenio-rdm-pure (setup.py)
mako==1.1.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow-oneofschema==2.1.0
    # via marshmallow-utils
marshmallow-utils==0.3.8
    # via invenio-records-resources
marshmallow==3.10.0
    # via
    #   flask-resources
    #   invenio-pidrelations
    #   invenio-rest
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-utils
    #   webargs
maxminddb-geolite2==2018.703
    # via invenio-accounts
maxminddb==2.0.3
    # via maxminddb-geolite2
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via invenio-celery
node-semver==0.1.1
    # via
    #   invenio-assets
    #   pywebpack
packaging==20.9
    # via bleach
parso==0.8.1
    # via jedi
passlib==1.7.4
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via jsonresolver
prompt-toolkit==3.0.17
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pycountry==20.7.3
    # via marshmallow-utils
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.8.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.0.1
    # via invenio-accounts
pynpm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   pywebpack
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   edtf
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   arrow
    #   edtf
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   invenio-indexer
pywebpack==1.2.0
    # via flask-webpackext
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-celery
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   dojson
    #   invenio-files-rest
simplekv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   invenio-accounts
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   base32-lib
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   edtf
    #   flask-breadcrumbs
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-menu
    #   flask-talisman
    #   fs
    #   idutils
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-base
    #   jsonresolver
    #   jsonschema
    #   limits
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-resources
sqlalchemy-utils==0.35.0
    # via
    #   invenio-db
    #   invenio-files-rest
sqlalchemy==1.3.23
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   invenio-db
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via ipython
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via invenio-accounts
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   invenio-records-resources
    #   marshmallow-utils
uritools==3.0.1
    # via invenio-app
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via dulwich
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
webargs==5.5.3
    # via invenio-rest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-kvsession-invenio
    #   jsonresolver
    #   marshmallow-utils
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio-files-rest
xmltodict==0.12.0
    # via invenio-records-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
